hey hey guys welcome back to another
halo 4 series one action figure review
today i'll be reviewing the spot and
soldier in the blue honor before i get
onto this i will just quickly show you
the box as per usual for sustained at
the front 27 million parts here's the
file on the side you can read it read it
if you don't want to read it delete it
that's a battle figures available that's
the box I want to go figure so yeah this
is a cool figure right here includes
this assault rifle and peg to go into
the back nowhere else on the legs those
bits move I think I think they meant too
much work articulation is very good is
pretty much this finder to say yeah it's
pretty much exactly the same as the Arab
spartan time for viewed already such
other i'll check out of you if you
haven't seen it hit articulation is good
all the way around bulent it shoulders
pulled into the elbows folded hands body
on a ball-joint bulleted thighs their
home sydney's I'm 492 feet and bored
trying to toes so you can get some good
poses on the girl the gun fits into the
hand very well doesn't slip out or
anything which is always good for
displaying stop-motion things
doesn't good detail nice and blue to
blue but it's blue enough I guns got
good teeth out as well see ya it's a
gray and orange and then
yeah a lot about them with this figure
is it's really good though I definitely
get it elephant 9 out of 10 but for some
reason I don't like their this leg like
very small body and then it's like to
stick out a mile wide doesn't quite look
right I could be just me being picky but
definitely good figure definitely happen
worth looking at first she's gonna keep
the head vs. blue team's building up and
cuz it's halo 4 and halo 4 is amazing
yeah 13 pounds in England dynamic costs
in America and all those are the places
that and worth having to look for and
we're probably worth buying as well like
I said man out of 10 that's very good
score first cuz the blows are too wide
yep just immature that that's pretty
much it for this figure have you guys
enjoyed watching and see you all later